---
title: XRPL Wallet
hide_table_of_contents: true
---

import Tabs from "@theme/Tabs";
import TabItem from "@theme/TabItem";

An XRPL wallet refers to a digital wallet specifically designed for storing,
managing, and transacting with digital assets on the XRP Ledger (XRPL). The XRPL
is an open-source decentralized blockchain platform that serves as the
underlying technology for the XRP cryptocurrency.

An XRPL wallet allows users to securely store their XRP and other supported
digital assets, such as issued tokens and stablecoins, and facilitates various
transactions on the XRPL network. These wallets come in different forms,
including software applications (desktop, mobile, or web-based) and hardware
devices (such as hardware wallets).

XRPL wallets typically provide users with a unique cryptographic address, also
known as an XRP Ledger address or simply an XRP address. This address serves as
a unique identifier for the wallet and allows users to receive XRP and other
assets from other parties.

When using an XRPL wallet, users can perform a range of actions, such as sending
and receiving XRP, checking transaction history, managing account settings, and
interacting with decentralized applications (DApps) built on the XRPL. Some
wallets may also offer additional features like multi-signature support,
integration with exchanges, and market data.

It's important to note that XRPL wallets are distinct from cryptocurrency
exchanges, as they provide users with direct control over their private keys,
enabling them to have full ownership and responsibility for their digital
assets.

XRPL Wallet uses the OpenLogin flows and additionally provides a direct
connection to XRPL blockchain. Out of the box, it supports OAuth Social logins
and fiat-to-crypto and much more.
